#Qn 1:-
A database is an organized collection of structured information, or data, typically stored electronically in a computer system.

SQL databases are relational, and NoSQL databases are non-relational. SQL databases use structured query language (SQL) and have a predefined schema. NoSQL databases have dynamic schemas for unstructured data. SQL databases are vertically scalable, while NoSQL databases are horizontally scalable.

#Qn 2:-
Data definition language (DDL) describes the portion of SQL that creates, alters, and deletes database objects. 
CREATE - The CREATE TABLE statement is used to create a new table in a database.
DROP - The DROP command is used to remove the whole database or table indexes, data, and more.
TRUNCTE -The TRUNCATE TABLE command deletes the data inside a table, but not the table itself.
ALTER - The ALTER TABLE command adds, deletes, or modifies columns in a table.

#Qn 3:-
DML, or the Data Manipulation Language, helps us deal with managing and manipulating data in the database.
The INSERT statement introduces new rows into an existing table.
The DELETE statement removes a row or combination of rows from a table.
The UPDATE statement enables users to update a row or group of rows in a table.

#Qn 4:-
DQL statements are used for performing queries on the data within schema objects.
A SELECT statement retrieves zero or more rows from one or more database tables or database views.

#Qn 5:-
A primary key generally focuses on the uniqueness of the table. It assures the value in the specific column is unique. A foreign key is generally used to build a relationship between the two tables. The table allows only one primary key.

#Qn 6:-
import mysql.connector
mydb = mysql.connector.connect(
  host="localhost",
  user="abc",
  password="password"
)
mycursor = mydb.cursor()

cursor() must return an instance of <module>. Cursor , and <module>. Cursor. 
execute() should invoke the statement provided and return the resulting rows.

#Qn 7:-
1. FROM and JOINs
2. WHERE
3. GROUP BY
4. HAVING
5. SELECT
6. DISTINCT




