1. Who developed Python Programming Language? 
Ans:- Guido van Rossum.


2. Which type of Programming does Python support? 
Ans:- Python is a multi-paradigm programming language. Object-oriented programming and structured programming .

3. Is Python case sensitive when dealing with identifiers? 
Ans:- Yes, Python is a case-sensitive language .

4. What is the correct extension of the Python file? 
Ans:- ".py"  .

5. Is Python code compiled or interpreted? 
Ans:- Interpreted.

6. Name a few blocks of code used to define in Python language? 
Ans:- a module, a function body, and a class definition.

7. State a character used to give single-line comments in Python?
Ans:-  #.

8. Mention functions which can help us to find the version of python that we are currently working on? 
Ans:- python --version.


9. Python supports the creation of anonymous functions at runtime, using a construct called
Ans:- lambda.
 
10. What does pip stand for python? 
Ans:- Preferred Installer Program.

11. Mention a few built-in functions in python? 
Ans:- tuple(), set(), type() etc. 

12. What is the maximum possible length of an identifier in Python?
Ans:- 79 characters.
 
13. What are the benefits of using Python? 
Ans:- Libraries help reduce coding errors, make programmers more efficient, and make software smaller in size (and lines of code).

14. How is memory managed in Python? 
Ans:- Memory in Python is managed by Python private heap space.

15. How to install Python on Windows and set path variables?
Ans:- The complete path of python.exe can be added by:
Right-clicking This PC and going to Properties.
Clicking on the Advanced system settings in the menu on the left.
Clicking on the Environment Variables button o​n the bottom right.
In the System variables section, selecting the Path variable and clicking on Edit. The next screen will show all the directories that are currently a part of the PATH variable.
Clicking on New and entering Python’s install directory.

16. Is indentation required in python? 
Ans:-  Yes , the indentation in Python is very important.


